Privacy Policy
Andrei Cirstea built the DoorCounter app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Andrei Cirstea at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

I do not require, store or use any personal information from the users of DoorCounter

The app does NOT use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Log Data:

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies:

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use, store or alter these “cookies”.

Service Providers:

I do not use any service providers.

Security:

DoorCounter does not store, use or alter any sensitive information regarding its users.

Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2020-07-14

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at acirstea.help@outlook.com.

This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator
